Relay Frames Sample Application
===============================

This example demonstrates the usage of the User Data Relay frames API by giving
an example of how to read a relay frame and send a response back to the source
interface.

The example waits for a User Data Relay and then sends an answer containing the
message back to the source interface.

Requirements
------------

To run this example you need:

* One XBee3 radio module with MicroPython support.
* One carrier board for the radio module (XBIB-U-DEV or XBIB-C board).
* The XCTU application (available at www.digi.com/xctu).

Setup
-----

Make sure the hardware is set up correctly:

1. Plug the XBee3 radio module into the XBee adapter and connect it to your
   computer's USB port.

Run
---

The example is already configured, so all you need to do is build and launch
the project. Once the application is running (application header is displayed
in the XBee REPL console), execute the following steps to test it:

1. Disconnect the XBee REPL console.
2. Open XCTU application and add your XBee device to the list of radio modules.
3. Change the operating mode of the module to **API** by configuring the **AP** 
   setting with **1**.
4. Switch to the **Consoles** working mode and open the serial connection with
   the module so you can see frames when they are received.
5. Create and add a frame to the **Send Frames** list using the **Frames
   Generator** tool with the following parameters:
   
       - Frame type:       0x2D - User Data Relay
       - Frame ID:         01
       - Dest. interface:  MicroPython [02]
       - RF data (ASCII):  Hello MicroPython!
   
6. Send the frame generated by selecting it and clicking the **Send selected
   Frame** button.
7. When the **User Data Relay** frame is sent, verify that a new **User Data 
   Relay Output** frame is received with the following parameters:

       - Frame type:       AD (User Data Relay Output)
       - Interface:        02 (MicroPython)
       - RF data (ASCII):  New message from Serial Port: Hello MicroPython!
       
   You can try sending more User Data Relay frames with different payloads.

When finished, restore the operating mode of the module to **MicroPython**
by configuring the **AP** setting with **4** using XCTU. 

Supported platforms
-------------------

* Digi XBee3 Zigbee 3 - minimum firmware version: 1006
* Digi XBee3 802.15.4 - minimum firmware version: 2003
* Digi XBee3 DigiMesh 2.4 - minimum firmware version: 3002
* Digi XBee3 Cellular LTE-M/NB-IoT - minimum firmware version: 11410
* Digi XBee3 Cellular LTE CAT 1 - minimum firmware version: 31010

License
-------

Copyright (c) 2019, Digi International Inc. <support@digi.com>

Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any
purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.